This product includes source derived from 'go' by The Go Authors, distributed
under the following BSD license:

	https://github.com/golang/go/blob/master/LICENSE

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This product includes source derived from 'aws-lambda-go' by Amazon.com, Inc,
distributed under the following Apache Version 2.0 License:

	https://github.com/aws/aws-lambda-go/blob/master/LICENSE

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

All other components of this product are Copyright: (c) 2016-2019 New Relic,
Inc. All rights reserved.

By downloading or using the beta, alpha and pre-release versions of New Relic
software (i.e. agents, SDKs, APIs, integrations, private locations, code, etc.),
services, features, user-interfaces, and platforms made available for evaluation
purposes (the “Beta Service(s)”) you signify that you have read, understood, and
accept the terms of this Beta Agreement (the “Agreement”). This Agreement is
entered into by and between New Relic, Inc. (“New Relic”) and you on behalf of
yourself or the entity associated with your New Relic account (collectively
referred to herein as “you” or “your,”) as of the date you click “I Agree” below
(the “Effective Date”). You represent and warrant that you have the legal
authority to enter into this Agreement personally or on behalf of the company or
organization associated with your New Relic account. Please read this Agreement
carefully as your use of Beta Service(s) may have unintended consequences and
materially impact your data or use of the New Relic services and products.

1. Introduction.

This Agreement enables you to test experimental features and products before
they are made generally available. New Relic reserves the right to withhold or
discontinue any Beta Service, which may be designated as an alpha, beta, pilot,
limited release, developer preview, technology preview, non-production,
evaluation, or by a similar description, in its sole discretion and provides no
guarantee that any Beta Service will eventually be made commercially or
generally available. Beta Services are pre-release versions and may have bugs,
stability issues, or other problems. Use of the Beta Services may result in
unexpected results, loss of data, outages, or other damage to your systems or
networks. New Relic advises against using the Beta Services in production. No
support is offered with or for Beta Services. You hereby release New Relic from
any liability arising from or related to your use of the Beta Services. In
connection with your use of the Beta Services, you may provide feedback,
comments, and/or suggestions based on or relating to the Beta Services
(“Feedback”). The Beta Services and any related information, including without
limitation features, functionality, designs, user interface, capabilities,
specifications, architectural diagrams, usage data, APIs, deployment schedules,
email lists, bug databases, know how, source code, potential features, Feedback,
and information related to any business or technical information of New Relic,
including without limitation product plans, costs, prices, finances, marketing
plans, business opportunities, research, development, negotiations, and the
terms of this agreement are considered the confidential information of New Relic
(“Confidential Information”).

2. License and Restrictions.

2.1 Evaluation License. Subject to your compliance with the Agreement, New Relic
hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license,
during the term of this Agreement, to use the Beta Service(s) solely for the
purpose of internal evaluation and supplying Feedback to New Relic.

2.2 License Restrictions. You may not (and may not authorize or enable a third
party to): (i) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to
discover source code or other trade secrets in the Beta Services; (ii) access
the Beta Services in order to build a similar or competitive application,
service, feature or other competitive purpose; (iii) remove or destroy any
copyright notices or other proprietary marks contained on or in the Beta
Services; (iv) use the Beta Services for any benchmarking purposes or in
connection with a service bureau, timeshare, service provider, or like activity
where you operate the Beta Services on behalf of a third party; (v) mirror,
frame, copy, modify, host, rent, lease, sell, commercialize, sublicense, assign
or otherwise transfer the Beta Services, use of the Beta Services, or access to
the Beta Services; (vi) use the Beta Services in a manner that may violate or
infringe the intellectual property, data protection, or other proprietary right
of a third party; (vii) use or access the Beta Services in an unauthorized
manner and/or in a manner that violates any applicable law, rule, contract, or
guideline (including but not limited to our Community Guidelines); (viii) use
the Beta Services to transmit worms, viruses, malicious code, security
vulnerabilities, or otherwise negatively impact network operations, third
parties, or New Relic; (ix) use any data mining or similar data gathering and
extraction methods in connection with the Beta Services; (x) use the Beta
Services to process sensitive personal information, e.g., “personal information”
of children as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act,
“protected health information” as defined by the Health Insurance Portability
and Accountability Act of 1996, government issued identification numbers,
financial account information, payment card data, “special categories of data”
as described in the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), or other
information subject to regulatory, statutory, or contractual restrictions. New
Relic reserves the right, but not the obligation, to monitor or review your use
of the Beta Services at any time and may investigate any suspected violations of
this Agreement.

2.3 Intellectual Property Rights. You acknowledge and agree that, as between you
and New Relic, New Relic owns all right, title, and interest in and to the Beta
Services, Confidential Information, and Feedback, including but not limited to
all intellectual property and proprietary rights therein. New Relic and its
licensors reserve all rights and licenses not expressly granted herein.

2.4 Feedback.  You may provide feedback, comments, and/or suggestions based on
or relating to the Beta Services (“Feedback”). You acknowledge and agree that
all Feedback will be the sole and exclusive property of New Relic. You hereby
irrevocably transfer and assign to New Relic all right, title, and interest in
all Feedback, including but not limited to all intellectual property and
proprietary rights therein.

3. Confidential Information. You will not use or disclose any Confidential
Information, except as necessary for the performance of this Agreement, and you
will use reasonable efforts to protect Confidential Information from
unauthorized use or disclosure. You may disclose Confidential Information only
to those employees with a bona fide need to know, provided that each employee
has signed a written agreement with nondisclosure restrictions at least as
protective of the Confidential Information as those set forth herein. For the
purposes of this section, information will not be deemed Confidential
Information if it (a) is or becomes generally known to the public through no
fault or breach of this Agreement; (b) is rightfully known by you at the time of
disclosure without an obligation of confidentiality; (c) is independently
developed by you without access to or use of the Confidential Information; or
(d) is rightfully obtained by you from a third party without restriction on use
or disclosure. Upon New Relic’s request, you agree to destroy all Confidential
Information in your possession within 30 days of termination of this Agreement.
“Confidential Information” includes the Beta Services and any related
information, including without limitation features, functionality, designs, user
interface, capabilities, specifications, architectural diagrams, usage data,
APIs, deployment schedules, email lists, bug databases, know how, source code,
potential features, Feedback, and information related to any business or
technical information of New Relic, including without limitation product plans,
costs, prices, finances, marketing plans, business opportunities, research,
development, negotiations, and the terms of this Agreement.

4. Disclaimers & Acknowledgement

4.1 Acknowledgement of Beta Services. You acknowledge and agree that (a) the
Beta Service is not an official product and has not been commercially released
for sale by New Relic; (b) the Beta Service may not operate properly, be in
final form, or fully function; (c) the Beta Service may contain errors, design
flaws, security vulnerabilities, or other problems; (d) it may not be possible
to make the Beta Service fully functional or secure; (e) the information
obtained using the Beta Services may not be accurate; (f) use of the Beta
Service may result in unexpected results, vulnerabilities, loss of data, project
delays, or other unpredictable damage or loss, including without limitation to
your use of New Relic services and products not governed by this Agreement
(collectively “Unintended Effects”); (g) New Relic is under no obligation to
release a commercial or generally available version of the Beta Service; and (h)
New Relic has the right unilaterally to abandon development of the Beta Service
at any time and without any obligation or liability to you.

4.2 Your Data. You acknowledge and agree that you should not rely on the Beta
Service for any reason. You further acknowledge and agree that you are solely
responsible for maintaining and protecting all data and information that is
stored, retrieved, or otherwise processed by the Beta Service in accordance with
your contractual obligations and requirements under applicable law. Without
limiting the foregoing, you are responsible for all costs and expenses required
to backup and restore any data and information that is lost or corrupted as a
result of your use of the Beta Services or any Unintended Effects. You
understand and agree that your Data may be transferred to the United States for
storage, processing, and use by New Relic to provide the Beta Services. For any
data that you process using the Beta Services, you represent and warrant that
you have all necessary rights and consent to do so. New Relic has no obligation
to store any data you process using the Beta Services and shall have no
liability for the deletion or accuracy of such data.

4.3 Warranty Disclaimers. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS
IS.” TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, NEW RELIC DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES
REGARDING MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
SECURITY, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF THE COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF
TRADE. NEW RELIC MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT BETA SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY,
OR SECURE. YOUR USE OF BETA SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

5. Limitation of Liability. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO
EVENT WILL NEW RELIC, ITS AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS OR
LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY
OR CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, DATA, BUSINESS, OR PROFITS) DAMAGES,
REGARDLESS OF LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT NEW RELIC HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL
PURPOSE. NEW RELIC’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT, THE BETA SERVICES, OR ANY UNINTENDED EFFECTS WILL BE LIMITED TO FIFTY
U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $50). THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE
FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN NEW RELIC AND YOU.

6. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold New Relic, its parents,
subsidiaries, affiliates,  officers, agents, employees, and licensors harmless
from any claims, fees, fines, demands, losses, liabilities, damages, and costs,
including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising from or related to your use of the
Beta Services, including but not limited to allegations arising from your breach
of any terms herein and/or allegations that data processed by the Beta Services
violates or infringes the privacy, data protection, or intellectual property
rights of a third party.

7. Export Restrictions. You acknowledge that the software in the Beta Services
licensed hereunder may be subject to the export control laws and regulations of
the U.S. and other countries. You agree that you will not export or re-export
the Beta Service, any part thereof, or any process or service that is the direct
product of the Beta Service to any country, person or entity subject to U.S.
export restrictions.

8. Term and Termination. This Agreement shall commence upon the Effective Date
and shall remain in effect until terminated upon the earliest of: (i) New Relic
making the Beta Service or a successor version of the Beta Service generally
available or available for commercial release, (ii) New Relic ceasing to make
the Beta Service available to you, or (iii) New Relic terminating this
Agreement. New Relic may terminate this Agreement for any reason upon notice to
you. Sections 2.2, 2.3, 2.4, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 9 will survive any termination
or expiration of this Agreement.

9. General. You represent and warrant that you have the legal authority to enter
into this Agreement personally or on behalf of the company or organization
associated with your New Relic account. This Agreement will be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. The parties
expressly agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods will not apply. Any legal action or proceeding
arising under this Agreement, will be brought exclusively in the federal or
state courts located in San Francisco County, California and the parties hereby
irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue.  If any provision of
this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent
jurisdiction, such provision will be construed so as to be enforceable to the
maximum extent permissible by law, and the remaining provisions of the Agreement
will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign this Agreement, by
operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of New Relic.
Any attempted assignment without such consent will be void and of no effect.
Your obligations under this Agreement shall survive termination of the Agreement
and shall be binding upon your agents, representatives, heirs, successors and
assigns. All notices or reports to New Relic as permitted or required under this
Agreement shall be in writing and must be received at New Relic Inc., 188 Spear
Street, Suite 1200, ATTN: General Counsel, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA by
personal delivery or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested,
and shall be deemed given upon personal delivery to or if sent by certified or
registered mail, three (3) days after the date of mailing. All notices or
reports to you shall be delivered by posting a notice, message, banner, or other
form of alert to your New Relic account, by email, or by facsimile transmission.
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining
to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any and all prior agreements,
communications and understandings (both written and oral) regarding such subject
matter.  For clarity, in the event of any inconsistency, conflict, or ambiguity
between this Agreement and any other contract agreement between the parties, as
it relates to Beta Services, or any Unintended Effects, this Agreement shall
govern.
